>> Mike North: Let's finally get
to the calculating the date.
So we've already got something here
that's using this location repository,
which there's one declared in an outer
scope here or sorry, in the class.
But we're finding one record
where the ID is of this format.
So we're gonna make sure
that that looks right.
We're going to just.
Console log.
What is this request thing coming in?
We'll take a look at it,
we'll make sure the ID looks right,
we'll log the location and
then we're just going to.
Quickly we're going to fetch
the list of temperature ranges.
And to keep things simple,
let's just find the first month
that appears to satisfy the range.
And we're just going to return
the first of the month as the date.
You could interpolate.
But that's not the point of what
we're trying to focus on here.
So first let's say.
Sorry, let me make sure we're
focusing on the right thing here.
I actually don't think that
this is going to be needed.
Let's focus on the calculateDate function.
It's the same thing here, but
this is where we really need to focus.
So I wanna log the locationId and
the temperature.
And I can delete this underscore.
Cause now it's a used variable.
And you can see we have
a little mini schema here.
Cause we hadn't created that temperature
type for the starting point code.
But let's see what actually comes through
when we hit that calculate button.
Date button.
So we're going to go back to our ui.
Sorry, hit save, go back to our UI and
let's select a location.
Minneapolis.
And I wanna know when we're over
122 degrees in Minneapolis.
No, let's go with 50 degrees Fahrenheit,
estimate date.
And I expect this to fail because
we haven't built this out yet.
But let's take a look at what
the request looks like going out.
So we've got a locationId.
It already has this LOC prefix.
So we're going to keep that in mind.
Then we've got a value.
This is just our temperature type coming
through Again,
going back to our code here.
What we can do is say, well, we don't
need this anymore actually, sorry,
we can cast it to this type of.
Because all we're doing here
is we're telling TypeScript
that this prefix exists.
This is a template literal type,
where it's like any string
that begins with locust.
See if we get the Location out.
So we're gonna hit estimate date again.
I keep going the wrong way.
What are we seeing?
Location with id.
This not found.
All right, so
the first thing we want to do.
Remember I said the database is
recreated each time we hit save.
We want to load the app again.
I'm going to put these
next to each other so
I don't have to swipe
across too many things.
We're going to load this app again
because these location IDs keep changing.
Minneapolis, 50 degrees Fahrenheit.
Estimate date.
What do we get back?
We get back December 31st.
So this is just l the hard-coded
date that we get back.
So what this tells me is we're going
to go back to our code here and
we should see we've loaded a location.
Here's the instance of the class.
Interesting, monthly temps undefined.
So there are two ways
we could handle this.
One would be, well, we can go and
grab the location id.
We can query that table, get all
the monthly temps that match the location.
But there's a shortcut.
If we just do this, and
I'm gonna have to reload.
We don't need this anymore.
Estimate date and
let's go back to our code.
We should see that that is now populated.
And it is.
Sorry, that's other logging
that's happening there.
Let me get rid of some of the other
logging so it's super clear.
It's in our loading.
So we don't need that anymore.
I think this is it.
Look at that.
An array of monthly temperature
ranges with commas in between them.
And if we scroll up high enough,
there we go, we have a location and
there are monthly temps.
So we've basically just
traversed this relationship and
it's turned into two queries.
One to get the location, one as a batch,
get to fetch all of the monthly
temps that we're interested in.
Now all we have to do is
iterate over those temps.
Cool.
What's the temp that the user passed in?
Where are we getting that temperature?
Perfect.
If MT min value is
greater than
temperature value
return new date.
We could just do that.
So this should give us maybe
something other than December 31st.
Let's check it out.
So reloading Minnesota.
Minneapolis, Fahrenheit 50.
Interesting.
We still get 1231.
What we're missing here
is our unit conversion.
I think we already have in temperature.
Well, let's save time.
You could do some unit conversion here,
but for
now I'm just going to make the equivalent
request in celsius, which is 10 degrees.
And look at that, we've got six, one.
So we've modeled monthly
temperature range,
we've modeled this value object of
a temperature and we've wired it up so
that it's all working in
the temperature date calculator.
Next we're going to turn our
attention towards seed packets and
really focus in on value objects and
have a discussion about what
is most meaningful in order to deal
with this user interface where
we can have the back of a seed packet and
structure some data for
what's useful for your gardener in
order to keep this well organized.